Brooks, [12.10.18 15:30]
Chapter Twenty

Barren Womb Academy is a high school in the far-reaches of the Japanese desert, where young maguses and mages and magicians and witches and wizards and dark magician girls and magical girls and magical witches and magical warriors and monster girls and meisters and mudbloods and moogles go to school to learn the Bright Arts of Balthazar Bungholio.

The academy is home to one hundred students, broken up into eighteen different magical weight classes, identifiable by their significantly different uniforms. I will now detail them extensively.

Class 18: Brewhaha and Ballyhoo

B&B is the weakest of the Bright Art classes, consisting of the academy’s four weakest classmates, known colloquially by their self-appointed nickname, the Rowdy Shitheads. Each of them has powers a couple of notches above parlor tricks, but useful for esoteric service industry jobs that they will probably get stuck in for the rest of their lives. They’re all total fucking idiots, too, so it’s not like they really have any other prospects--not that they understand this. Because no one takes them seriously and their teacher is a duck, they spend much of their time bumming around in the classroom, doing drugs and kicking the trash can over. Every once in a while their teacher quacks and each of them has a stunning revelation about how to fine-tune their powers, but they can never force the teacher to quack again no matter how much they try, because it outclasses them as a level-ninety-six ethereal summon lord, and therefor they can’t get within six inches of it without losing one of the knuckles on whichever finger sticks out the farthest--most of them are already missing the first part of their middle finger, which is particularly unfortunate for someone who enjoys using it as much as any of them does. The students are as follows:

Ragtag Ragamuffin, the eldest son of house Ragamuffin, who live in the maze-like sewers beneath the school. His father is a half-rat demi-guy, and his mother is a Thai prostitute who, it is sad to think, is legitimately living a much better life here than she was on the streets. Because high-level mages are able to produce magical anti-depressants and bliss drugs out of thin air and therefore see no value in them cause what the fuck do they care, they’re magic, nothing ever makes them upset, they often generate gigantic torrents of them and flood them into the sewers, placating the populace below. Ergo, Ragtag’s parents are pretty fine with their situation and aren’t really complaining, they get by.

Brooks, [12.10.18 15:30]
Ragtag meanwhile has spiked red hair, a bad attitude, and a cancer-ridden dick. Doctors say that he will probably live another twenty years and that the cancer might even be beatable, so he’s okay to go to school and, as best he can, not think about it for now. His special power is that anyone existing in a thirty-meter radius of him while he’s playing gameboy will poop four times faster. It is most likely that he’ll be hired to work at a highway rest stop at some point, where he will get in trouble constantly for forgetting that he’s at work and wandering off to piss in the woods and wonder where the hell he is or how he got there. Luckily, since Ragtag grew up with literally nothing but the rags on his ass, he is very easily captivated by anything even marginally interesting--so when the academy gave him his first game boy, he became addicted to the point of scarcely looking up, except to swear at and flip someone off with his nub of a middle finger. When he gets particularly enraptured in the game he’s playing, a faculty member will sometimes come by with a moving lift and slide it under his feet, then wheel him over to the nearest bathroom when there’s a backed up line thanks to a broken toilet or something. He usually doesn’t realize that he’s been moved until he gets hungry, at which point he will eat a bag of generic chips that has been left at his side, and go back to playing game boy. One time he stood outside the bathrooms on the school’s east side for eighty-nine hours, passing out every so often and collapsing, only to wake up with no idea what had happened, and get right back to playing games. He holds his pants up with a bullet-belt full of double-A batteries, and can change out the batteries in a gameboy in less than three seconds from the moment it goes dead--usually chucking the used batteries down the hall in the process. One time he put out someone’s eye doing that and got the living shit kicked out of him, but he didn’t even really process the situation and still has no idea that he caused it.

The next member of B&B is Assass Assassass, a girl with a big ass. Assass is most often referred to be others as “Ass Girl,” which is usually intended to be derisive, but since it’s almost literally her name, she doesn’t really notice. Assass has infinitely purple hair and an overall pretty nice body, which is by and large overshadowed by the quality of her ass. People behind her have such a tendency to yell, “god damn!” while following her, that she honestly believes it’s a standard greeting. Basically the point is that her life of possessing a giant ass has perverted her overall understanding of social norms.

Assass has the power to read really, really fine print. Yeah that’s right, her power actually has nothing to do with her ass. Who’da thunk it? There are literally catty girls at school who look at her derisively because they think she’s using her powers to make her ass bigger to seduce guys into doing things for her--but nope, she’s just naturally got a big huge ass. Her power is that she reads too small of text, which is only so helpful because she’s not particularly literate. She can read the words out loud for whoever is asking her to, but she doesn’t always comprehend the meaning of what she’s reading, nor does she care enough to ask. I’m not even all that sure what kind of job this power would be useful for, but the academy figured they’d think of something by the time she graduates, and it’s not like she was doing any good at regular school growing up anyways. Besides, having more students gives them all kinds of tax benefits, and with a lot of the high-class magic kids getting poached by bigger economies like Japan Pro Magic and St. Big Dude’s Big Ol’ Custard College, they need all the attendance they can scrounge together.

Brooks, [12.10.18 15:30]
While Assass is generally an alright student, insofar as she shows up to class every day, she is vacant to the point of seeming to live on autopilot most of the time, and completely unable to hold a conversation. Guys who try to hit on her because they think she might be easy since she’s kinda dumb and has a huge ass usually find themselves unable to penetrate her straightforward, unintentionally curt answers and baffling readiness to disclose unwanted information, and come away more confused than horny. As such, she is a virgin, like the rest of her class.

The third of these shit-eating idiots is Boopy Doodle, a would-be twelve year-old genius, except that he’s actually a full-blown moron. So basically, he’s just a twelve year-old who’s in high school, because Barren Womb Academy doesn’t have any grades below high school, and his parents were able to get government benefits if they enrolled their son there, since his powers seemed really promising and the school wanted to get him before any of the others could. Unfortunately for them, Boopy’s powers were highly overestimated by their outdated and underfunded magical prediction ward. It was only in hindsight that the enrollment office realized that if this kid was as promising as they thought, then he would’ve been found by the scouts from the better schools long before they could’ve gotten to him. They were just so sure that because he was local, they’d gotten lucky and stumbled on him first, but they were quickly and dramatically humbled. Of course, having another student was still a tax break, and they couldn’t exactly admit to the family that they’d taken their barely-functional child out of public schooling and moved them across town just to make them take him back. So, they stuck Boopy in the magical retard class.

Boopy’s power, suggestive of so much potential, was thought to be the manipulation of electricity--one of the objectively coolest superpowers, about which an entire comic book empire could have been established. Of course, right before any brand deals could be established, the duck’s report came in to the higher-ups that Boopy’s power is more accurately described as acting as a preamp. In other words, if you put, say, a microphone’s XLR cord in his mouth, and then run a USB cord from his ear to a computer, then he can convert clean audio. This job can also be done by devices that cost about a hundred bucks, and Boopy only outputs enough voltage to power like three devices at once, so he’s basically entirely useless. He’s also a shitbag little punk who wipes boogers on others’ desks and laughs about it--plus he’s ugly as sin now that he’s had seven knuckles razed off of his fingers, so at this point everyone’s just kind of hoping he’ll accidentally fall down an elevator shaft while trying to prank someone and kill himself.

Last but not least of this cunt cadre is Crocodile Kyle. Yes, that is his first and last name in order. Croc is able to communicate with crocodiles--which is almost entirely useless, because crocodiles are fundamentally different animals from humans, so it’s not like he can be an in-between for humans and crocodiles--he at best can talk to a crocodile as though he himself were also a crocodile, which is only useful for like, convincing a crocodile to move out of the way of whatever it might be in the way of. Plus, he’s kind of a whiny douchebag, so crocodiles don’t generally get along with him anyways, unless they’re slow and easily influenced. Croc is convinced that he’s got a real one-of-a-kind talent and that he’s incredibly useful to the world as a human ambassador to crocodiles, even though literally no one thinks that. Everything he wears or owns is green, which everyone just finds gross, and most girls are convinced that he’s a crocodile fucker. While he does spend a lot of his time at the lakeside, he doesn’t actually really do much talking to crocodiles, since crocodiles are boring as hell in general, and instead just sits around and smokes cheap cigarettes, and throws the butts into the lake.

Brooks, [12.10.18 15:30]
God, can we move on to a less depressing class now?

Class 17: Ballers & Bad Babes

Aw yeah! Not THIS is a class! B&BB is where the cool kids hang out. These kids have sex! These kids throw parties! These kids know how to neck a fat dick! These kids are hotter than your parents in their glory days! And they can do magic!

B&BB consists of just one student, Alonso Flyboy, whose special power is being every sex and gender and sexuality all at the same time, and somehow being capable of literally fucking themself, in any conceivable way that you imagine. They is the happiest human being on earth, and the general knowledge of their existence brightens the day of anyone who knows about them. As such, Alonso has been appointed as the official school mascot, and a statue of them blowing themselves has been erected on the academy front lawn. If only I could be so fucking BASED.

Class 16: Barren Womb Academy’s Finest

This is by far the biggest class in the entire academy, consisting of fifty-one students. All of them have generic, cliched fantasy powers, like conjuring fireballs, chucking lightning, and manipulating PMS cycles telekinetically. Each of them is enlisted in the Japan Superfighter Secret Army, where they will be drafted to fight in the country’s bloody and long-running shadow war against the Zimbabwe Moon Wizard Society. Only five of them will survive into their twenties, and they will be the unlucky ones--haunted for the rest of their lives by the visions of imploding heads, skinless manlets screaming as their muscles corrode, live-action vore, and the realization that there has never been meaning in the universe. Each will commit suicide, either by magical drug overdose, their own powers, or gun. It’s best that I not dive into any of these students individually, lest you become depressed by thinking about their ultimate fates.

Class 15: Sally & Steve

Sally and Steve are one of those “cute couples” who just take things way too far. Like, they’re ALWAYS holding hands, all of their clothes match, and they have a full lexicon of gross-sounding pet names that would make anyone cringe. They’re the couple that your boyfriend brings up when you complain that he’s not showing you enough affection, and he tries to dodge out of it by jumping to the logical extreme situation. No one wants to ask them what their powers are because they probably have cooties.

Class 14: Assholes

Okay, before I explain how Assholes work, I’m going to have to give you an extensive rundown of the properties of the Bright Arts which are taught at Barren Womb Academy. Up to this point I’ve mostly been covering irrelevant dipshits who just signed up for whatever magic academy would take them, and were accepted because frankly, there aren’t enough practitioners of the Bright Arts to justify building an entire academy for them, and if it wasn’t for the massive government subsidies poured into the school to train up all those soldiers, then they wouldn’t be able to afford a place dedicated to the practice of such obscure Arts. 

The Bright Arts were conceived of by Balthazar Bungholio in the early 20th century, around the time that TV was starting to become a thing and everyone was like, fuck the printing press, I’m an idiot and I just get my news from pictures, I don’t care about anything. Balthazar was a hermit who thought everybody was dumb and lame, so he spent half a decade coming up with retardedly complex magic systems on his father’s dime, because his father was too busy running his corporation and had given up on his firstborn as soon as he realized that his second son wasn’t such a disappointment.

Brooks, [12.10.18 15:30]
Balthazar would’ve been nothing more than a prototypical nerd, were it not for the fact that one day he mustered up the willpower to leave his room and try to visit the site of a supposed mystical rune comet which had crashed into the mountainside in some fuckoff Japanese country town. Since he didn’t have a license, he took four trains to get to the place, all the while growing in ire for everyone around him just for being normies, and constantly thought about turning back because this was a dumb idea and it was probably fake anyways.

When Balthazar finally arrived at the place where the crash took place, he was equally ecstatic and horrified to realize that, holy shit, there actually was a big moon rock in a crater in the mountainside. None of the locals gave a shit because frankly it seemed like no big deal--they were just glad it didn’t hit anyone’s house, because they’re normal, functional, empathetic people with real-world concerns and better things to do. Balthazar was terrified to actually touch the stone because he’s a coward in general, and he was convinced that maybe he’d get mind-raped by cthulhu tentacles or some bullshit, but since he wasn’t actually sure he had enough money to make it home and was afraid to find out, he decided to embrace destiny and go touch the thing.

Upon doing so, an enormous, white, bushy beard erupted out of Bathazar’s pristine, fat neck, and he became a powerful wizard. All of his most asinine ideas about magical systems immediately became reality, inconsistencies, redundancies, and retcons intact, and he gained all the worldly wisdom of some old guy who’s been to most of Eastern Europe and a few Asian countries. He also begrudgingly gained the knowledge that his nipples would become hard whenever he was within a mile of someone else who had the potential to practice the Bright Arts that he’d created, but for years he decided to completely ignore this and pretend he was the only one, and spend most of his time in his room using spells to teleport drinks onto his desk, or to evaporate shit out of his pants so that he never had to get up.

It was around a year later that a spunky young dark magician girl by the name of Alexa Beatrix intervened by arriving at his house, eager to learn more about the burgeoning power that she felt welling within her. Balthazar avoided eye contact and attempted to shoo her away, but was so bamboozled by her enthusiastic description of how she was guided to his place by the hardness of her nipples that he ended up letting her into his house to look at his scrolls. In spite of Balthazar’s pretentious and cowardly demeanor, Alexa continued to visit his house every couple of days to learn more about the Bright Arts, ignoring the increasingly obvious sexual tension bubbling in Balthazar’s brain to buckle down and try to wrap her head around his needlessly complex writing.

Brooks, [12.10.18 15:30]
Over the course of about five months, Alexa was quickly disillusioned to her mentor’s wisdom and the level of care which he’d actually put into his own magic system, and realized that she had a better grasp on it than he did--a fact which he probably understood on some level, but would never admit in his actions, continually to be curt and standoffish towards her and insist that he was the archmaster of the Bright Arts. Eventually Alexa fully recognized the need to establish a separate group to study these powers more thoroughly, with Balthazar taking a back seat, but he remained obstinate about the idea to keep these powers on the down-low in case some kind of conspiratorial forces would get involved. After lots of strong-arming and convincing, and the last resort of vague flirtations that she was in no way proud of, Alexa convinced Balthazar to let her open up an academy dedicated to the study of the Bright Arts, as long as it would have Balthazar’s name attached to his work, in spite of his complete lack of involvement. As soon as Alexa convinced him to give the go-ahead, she promptly moved the operation across the country and made no attempt to keep in contact with Balthazar whatsoever.

Upon hearing about the academy doing well on the news a few years later, Balthazar, embittered with virgin rage, tried to sue Alexa for using his writing for her own monetary gain and for keeping him out of the deal. He tried to argue that she had sexually manipulated him into signing the contracts, and that he was entitled to at least be a shareholder in the endeavor. None of this held up in the courts, as everyone could easily see that Balthazar was an idiot who had signed off the rights to his brainchild in the vain hope of getting to touch a tit, and he mostly ended up bringing public shame upon himself, which only made him even angrier. Feeling bad for him and attempting to relent, Alexa offered him a role as an academic consultant, since he wasn’t interested in actually becoming a teacher, or looking into any of the research which had long exceeded his own understanding of his creation. Balthazar took the agreement and settled for receiving meager gratuity checks each month while almost never actually involving himself in the slightest. He stepped onto the campus once, but upon realizing that he looked like a creepy old sex pervert on this campus full of young, attractive light novel characters, he ran away and never looked back again. He’s probably still alive or something, but no one really knows or cares.

Anyway, here’s how the Bright Arts work:

First of all, the Bright Arts are all tied into manipulating three basic phylums of source energy: mana, magic, and metal (because Balthazar thought metal was cool as shit because it’s cold and hard just like his heart or whatever). These three work in a sort of rock-paper-scissors system when it comes to combating each-other, except that in practice metal will always trump both of the other two because of all the work-arounds Balthazar put in to make it so whoever mastered metal powers would be the strongest Bright Arts user--meaning that, since mana trumps magic, and magic doesn’t actually trump metal, magic is basically useless in a fight. The irony in this is that the Bright Arts are not especially useful for combat scenarios in which they’d be pitted against one-another, given that pretty much all Bright Arts technicians are on the same team, and since magic has by far the most practical everyday uses, it is the most popular of the three energies.

Mana energies are by and large incorporeal. A few of them, such as the beefsteak mana, are related to food and can be ingested, but most of them come from stuff like ghosts and poltergeists and a hundred other classifications of spirits that are basically indistinguishable in terms of what they provide the mana user, but nonetheless are detailed extensively in Balthazar’s notes.

Metal energies are derived from metal. This isn’t fucking rocket science.

Brooks, [12.10.18 15:30]
Magical energy comes from smoking marijuana. Depending on the strain, it can have different effects on the final product of a spell, but most of these are cosmetic. For instance, purple haze might make a purple cloud of smoke come out or something, you can pretty much figure this stuff out intuitively, it’s the kind of thing a stoner would come up with. I can only imagine this had to do with the guys who hung around Balthazar’s house in high school because their own houses sucked and Balthazar was rich, so his house was big and full of cool shit. Balthazar never had the balls to actually indulge in any mind-altering substances, but he would read the issues of High Times that his stoner buddies left around his house and take inspiration from those. Assumably, since I haven’t forgotten that Balthazar supposedly wrote all this shit in the 40s, there was some kind of magical force of destiny in the universe that time-travelled those magazines to his stoner friends. I don’t want to have to justify every stupid ass plot hole in this story, so from now on if anything seems fucky, just come up for an explanation for it, and I grant your explanation canonicity. Seriously, I really don’t care, it’s whatever you want it to be, man.

Anyways, Mana energy is most often useful to meisters, mudbloods, and moogles, who all practice furry-class Bright Arts spells. Meisters are known for their ability to draw in the souls of animals into their brains, and then slowly go insane. Over the years of encroaching insanity, their features will become more and more animal-like, but in random combinations, like having dog teeth and a duckbill or some fucked up shit like that. Where this becomes useful to themselves or to society, is in that a super high-level meister can smell every scent on earth at all times, and parse them all between his or her myriad phantom animal brains, thus allowing him to locate just about anything. It would be a really sick and useful power if the time between mastering it and going totally fucking insane to clawing your own eyeballs out and stuffing as many cotton balls into your skull as possible was more than about two weeks. There aren’t a lot of people who try to become meisters, but most of the ones who do are foolhardy thrillseekers who think they’re going to be the one to do it right, and that everyone else is just fucking up somehow, even though it literally says in Balthazar’s notes that meisters are all insane people who will become tortured to the point of suicide by their powers, because he thought that sounded edgy and cool.

Mudbloods are primarily known for using the beefsteak mana, which often puts them on the fast track to dangerous obesity and type-2 diabetes or heart failure. Basically, they eat as much beefsteak as possible over the course of years, building up mana deposits in their intestines along the way, until one day they reach enough mana to be able to touch ghosts--at which point, each one has to convince a ghost to have sex with them in order to open their mana channels and push their powers over the edge. This is not as easy as you might think--there aren’t a lot of ghosts who want to have sex with someone who’s eaten beefsteak almost exclusively for years. Most ghosts have standards, though if the mudblood can find a ghost whose spirit is trapped on earth by their sexual regrets, then they might have better odds. There is a good chance that this sexual experience will not actually allow the ghost to pass on, however, and will usually leave them even more depressed than they were previously.

Brooks, [12.10.18 15:30]
Moogles are the little furry creatures from the Final Fantasy series that are super adorable, and Crystal Chronicles lets you spray-paint their fur, which seems vaguely inhumane and bizarre, but I guess they’re sentient and okay with it so who am I to judge? If you want to understand moogles more, I would recommend playing those games, as there’s more to them than I have time to get into here. Suffice it to say, they are big fans of both beefsteak and ghosts--however, unlike meisters or mudbloods, moogles are also able to tap into metal and magical energy. They’re just kinda like really into beefsteak and ghosts, so they don’t end up using a lot of metal or magical Arts in the long run.

Metal energies are derived from rubbing metals. For the most part, this amounts to carrying some neat-looking coins in your pocket made of various metals which you rub your fingers on and feel like a cool guy, but there is no question in my mind that Balthazar had something more akin to a sexual relationship with the elements. Not to say that he ever rubbed metal on his nuts, or that anything in his notes specifies the idea of doing so, but I know he must’ve been imagining hot girls rubbing themselves naked against hunks of metal when he came up with the phrasing of “rubbing” metal. Trust me on this one, I know this guy.

Metal energies have a massive number of uses in terms of physical attack spells, but since most of them are meant to counterbalance other spells from Bright Arts users, they aren’t really used all that much. Most Bright Arts users keep some metal powers in their back pockets and use them on occasion for random stuff, but if anyone would start to get way too into them, it would just look suspicious, and they’d probably be questioned about their intentions.

Magical energies basically do everything else. Bright Arts can do a whole lot of different things and I thought it’d be hilarious to go into extensive detail about all of it, but frankly I’m already bored of this idea. I forgot that I actually don’t give a shit about extensively detailed power and magic systems the way others do, and I usually just forget about how they work immediately after learning them. I’d rather get back to making up stupid characters with goofy names, so I apologize to anyone who was gearing up for a long and detailed magical system parody thing. Just go read Fate/Stay Night and pretend it’s ironic. It won’t be hard.

Also I’m sick of this entire school conceit. I thought it would be a good way to burn through like twenty thousand words, but I feel like I’ve more or less exhausted the joke at this point and nothing else I could think of is going to top what I’ve already written, so let’s just get this thing over with. If you want to fill in the rest of the lore, you be my guest. Anyways, moving along.
